= History

== 0.7.2 / 2014-01-31

[FIXED]
  * Fixed a bug where UTF-8 in journal entries could prevent search from running properly.

== 0.7.1 / 2014-01-15

[NEW]
  *  Save entries with +Entry#save!+, delete them with +Entry#delete!+
  * Remove entry tags with +Entry#remove_tag+.
[FIXED]
  * Will now recognise hashtags at the start of lines.
  * EntryImporter now adds the UUID to generated Entries
  * The +Entry#auto_tag+ will now only accept tags with letters, numbers and underscores in them.

== 0.7.0 / 2014-01-14

[NEW]
  * Use +Entry#created_at+ for +Entry#creation_date+, +Entry#auto_tag+ for +Entry#add_tags_from_entry_text+
  * Search!

== 0.6.1 / 2014-01-13

[FIXED]
  * Updated gem versions

== 0.6.0 / 2013-01-14

[NEW]
  * Location support
  * Re-added the binary with actual functionality.
[FIXED]
  * No longer relies on LibXML - all Nokogiri!
  * Imports times correctly as UTC.

== 0.5.0 / 2013-01-09

[NEW]
  * Added support for tagging entries via +Entry#tag+, +Entry#tags+, and +Entry#add_tags_from_entry_text+.
[REMOVED]
  * Got rid of the binary. You can probably make a better library on your own.

== 0.4.1 / 2012-11-14

[FIXED]
  * rb-dayone was looking in the wrong place for preferences
  * new preference files not json-parseable. Swapped to XML/Nokogiri

== 0.4.0 / 2012-10-22

[NEW]
  * Added image support

== 0.3.3 / 2012-08-17

[NEW]
  * Added the command "repair" to the dayone binary, which will at least repair *my* damage.
  * Added the command "verify" to the dayone binary, which I at least find helpful.
  * Added a post-install note telling people upgrading from <= 0.2.0 to repair.
[FIXED]
  * LibXML will now accept UTF-8 characters in journal entries.


== 0.3.2 / 2012-08-16

[NEW]
  * Switched from REXML to LibXML-ruby for XML parsing. Now accepts ampersands in entries, as well as UTF-8. Rejoice!

== 0.3.1 / 2012-08-16

[FIXED]
  * Minor bugfixes
  * REXML will no longer kill the whole program if it can't parse a journal file.

== 0.3.0 / 2012-08-16

[FIXED]
  * Fixed several bugs in Builder xml output, including:
  * Output of trailing <target />
  * Output of malformed DOCTYPE
[NEW]
  * You can now import existing DayOne entries and search them

== 0.2.0 / 2012-08-14

[NEW]
  * Now auto-detects DayOne journal location from your plist file

== 0.1.7 / 2012-08-13

[NEW]
  * The dayone binary can now add entries to your journal
[FIXED]
  * Managed to break the gem's include in 0.1.6, and because I'm a terrible amateur at all this, didn't pick up on it.

== 0.1.6 / 2012-08-13

[NEW]
  * Updated documentation so YARD would generate nice rdocs
  * dayone binary now uses the Commander gem
  * Now using a Manifest file rather than globbing in whole directories

== 0.1.5 / 2012-08-12

[FIXED]
  * Ouch, horrid horrid gemspec and readme. Let's make them prettier.

== 0.1.4 / 2012-08-12

[FIXED]
  * Added a couple more tests for better coverage

== 0.1.3 / 2012-08-12

[NEW]
  * Removed the SimpleXML class, now using the Builder gem

== 0.1.2 / 2012-08-12

[FIXED]
  * Actual testing on my own system

== 0.1.1 / 2012-08-07

[FIXED]
  * DayOne constants are now +attr_accessors+ - set them yourself if you wish!

== 0.1.0 / 2012-08-06

[NEW]
  * Added binary
  * Support for DayOne locations
  * Uploaded to github!

== 0.0.1 / 2012-08-05

[NEW]
  * Started development